that's going on guys you guys seen some
of my other videos I just recently we
did my first track day ever doesn't want
to talk about that for a minute because
it was freakin sweet we're riding on the
road now for like six years and has a
supermoto for like 14 years now I've
been held myself for years I need to go
do a track in you go to a track day but
something always would come up or I
still have the money or we're like a lot
of they were parting I'm a full face
shield element they don't even though
it's like a spill-proof dirt bike helmet
they say no you can't have goggles oh
that was one thing it's not me earlier
this year but I got a divided colleagues
it's like kind of private like BMW track
day deal I think as I win tested a
motorcycle with a one time and we like
how to open test days you just go up
here and sign up and test ride whatever
motorcycle you wanted a kid and I just
my name it up on their email list I
didn't do anything special but it was
flippin sweet
because it was a private foot on do like
they're piling here with more than 25
Mike's there for the day we only broke
up into two groups like I said there's
so few of us supposed to be like the
novice group and the experience through
I know these tracks are out of order so
that save the items go with the expert
group I know it's kind of cocky but
they're kind of like it hey there
were so few people really couldn't get
that bad good for this is from all the
sudden
look I've done this so many times on
different tracks is like a roughest ones
I've ever been on slow down a bit here
well because like I said was just like
this put on deal by them they were
pretty cool hey let me run my helm in
the groups are super small reached a two
groups you could almost run like several
laps before even running into anybody is
a 1.7 mile track I did like 97 some
miles click for 50 laps
that's all right but it was
very much three toes all found out
figured it out somehow but somebody was
counting his laps
for me but they are
it's just a freaking blast man we
really we're pretty like Lewbert in June
after work full leather to get it just
been wearing like good street here I
have the letters no wait hell I wouldn't
not work fool others order that track
the only thing it was not crazy yeah we
went on the track and the first time I
went out I was hauling my buddy and I
never had ever been on the track I was
likely follow him let me see what he
does and man like we start going into
the turn out like man with all my so
slow this ties posting up or something
what do I I don't always are oh not me
man oh not very fast
dad doesn't go very fast play it
sometime in the video I guy was asking
if I worksop stereo shopping right now
anyway uh trying to figure out I'm kind
of find something in this neighborhood
anyways god it's all crazy okay guess
I'm going on these for this track we're
going super slow and I'm trying to help
with the deal is and it was like
freaking really really cold on the track
I feel the temperature 143 that's not
crazy poll but I guess with the track it
really is I didn't realize to track is
it like the streets on your resolve
grippy you know it doesn't have the the
coarseness in the street does so it's
kind of slick man I mean we were sliding
all over the place not anything would
upload the first two times I went out
because they're just boring I'm sliding
all over the place i'm like homeless cry
I'm like this is horrible what's going
on but eventually it did warm up I put
the last two sessions we went out on and
set man they were at last service
really good grip Kevin get my peg on the
ground I thought I was a pretty good
pace or some guys go faster and in the
group there's other guys they were
faster than me so I was looking for and
you know it was there was the least once
you guys are a real fast our group
definitely kind of longer they're only
hangs his car there so there was a super
super fast I down the group and
I think I like in a 30 minute session
one guy passing twice oh I have some
learning to do but it was all good
definitely need to go back again
get the chance I was just doing it I hit
the stop button like it